#labels Phase-Design
== StatusNet service == 
StatusNet ''service'' is currently in private beta.

== StatusNet software ==
StatusNet ''software'' is helping foster a more open internet experience. StatusNet is federated, meaning it pushes out and accepts notices through [http://openmicroblogging.org/ OMB], and also allows for remote subscription to and from other sites that speak the protocol. Through plugins, StatusNet is able to integrate with the ever popular twitter and facebook. The StatusNet software uses the same [http://apiwiki.twitter.com/ API as twitter], allowing it to use the same apps as twitter and bridge notices to twitter (a fully bi-directional twitter bridge that can pull notices does exist in the code, but may not yet be enabled on identi.ca) 

To get a feeling for the status.net software, check out some sites with their different looks and feels. StatusNet's plugin architecture allows it to offer differing functionality, and through themes and [[Apps|clients]], different user experiences. StatusNet lets people share and connect. We love the diversity of uses StatusNet has fostered and the people it has inspired. This is an exciting time and development has been steaming along. Come join the fun by hacking, running or using the StatusNet software.

* http://identi.ca/ the original StatusNet site, and still the largest
* http://bleeper.de/ largest German language site.
* http://brainbird.net/ - has enabled the infini-scroll plugin and [[http://meteorserver.org/installation/ real-time updates]]
* http://army.twit.tv/ - Leo Laporte's TWiT Community site
* http://status.net/wiki/ListOfServers our list of public sites, add yours!

== Documentation ==
This [[Main_Page | wiki]] houses user, administrator, and developer documentation for the opensource StatusNet software. Please help us out by [[Help:Contents|editing]]!

== Press ==

* [http://www.readwriteweb.com/archives/statusnet_could_point_to_the_future_of_business_intelligence.php Status.net Could Point to the Future of Business Intelligence] - ReadWriteWeb, 30 March 2009
* [http://www.boingboing.net/2009/08/11/twitpocalypse-open-s.html Twitpocalypse: "Open Source Twitter" proposed as antidote to Twitter's DDOS vulnerability ] - Boing Boing August 11, 2009

* [http://chasesagum.com/building-your-own-twitter-is-easy Building Your Own Twitter Is Easy: ] - Chase Sagum October 5, 2009

== Video ==

* [http://vimeo.com/5325664 Customizing your profile]

== Podcasts ==

* [http://twit.tv/floss37 FLOSS Weekly 37] -- refers to old name, Laconica
* [http://linuxoutlaws.com/podcast/52 Linux Outlaws 52 - Not Sponsored By Dell] -- Evan Prodromou on Linux Outlaws, talking about Identi.ca and StatusNet (under old name, Laconica)
* [http://itc.conversationsnetwork.org/shows/detail3791.html Evan Prodromou on Technometria] -- Evan talking about Identi.ca and StatusNet (Laconica) on IT Conversations/Technometria
[[Category:User doc]]
* [http://www.tllts.org/audio/tllts_322-10-07-09.mp3 The Linux Link Tech Show 322] -- Evan Prodromou talking about Identi.ca and StatusNet
* [http://thecommandline.net/2008/10/01/evan_prodromou/ The Command Line Podcast 2008-10-01] -- Evan Prodromou talking about Identi.ca and StatusNet ("Laconica")